{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Joshua Bowen\
1255 Broadway St. Ne. #238\
Salem, Oregon 97301\
(503)269-0966\
joshmbowen@icloud.com\
\
Dear Salem Community Acupuncture:\
\
I am very interested in becoming a volunteer receptionist in your Salem office. Your mission of bringing affordable alternative healing treatments to the community of Salem is a great goal. I love the sliding scale approach for payment that has been implemented. This shows you care more about people\'92s well-being then about money. My drive has always been to help people to the best of my abilities and I believe I have found a good fit with you.\
\
My two years of instructing individuals on IOS products has given me excellent customer service skills. Additionally, I obtained A+ grades on both a Microsoft Excel and business writing course I just completed. My typing speed is 40 WPM with attention to detail. I want to bring all of my skills to help a company that shares my values of integrity, fairness and honesty.\
\
I have attached my resume to this cover letter. I am looking forward to hearing from you and setting up an interview. I know that together, we can make a difference. \
\
Sincerely, Joshua Bowen}